[Improvement] Make booting consistent with CLI (#16652)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

#### [Symfony]
- Bumped Symfony packages to "^6.4".

> [!WARNING]  

> > For [environment variable consistency purposes](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/issues/16638) in boostrap, please fix `public/index.php` in project root by moving `Bootstrap::bootstrap();` just above `$kernel = Bootstrap::kernel()` line instead of outside the callback function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For [environment variable consistency purposes](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/issues/16638) in boostrap, please fix `public/index.php` in project root by moving `Bootstrap::bootstrap();` just above `$kernel = Bootstrap::kernel()` line instead of outside the closure.
```
